# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements-no-gpu-uv.txt --index-strategy unsafe-best-match
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   transformerlab-inference
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.1.0
    # via aiohttp
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
azure-ai-documentintelligence==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
azure-core==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-identity
azure-identity==1.21.0
    # via markitdown
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   markdownify
    #   markitdown
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   markitdown
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   magika
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
cobble==0.1.4
    # via mammoth
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
controlnet-aux==0.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
    #   workos
datasets==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
decorator==5.2.1
    # via librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via youtube-transcript-api
diffusers==0.33.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
einops==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   controlnet-aux
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformerlab-inference
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via tensorboard
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   transformerlab-inference
    #   workos
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via mcp
huggingface-hub==0.34.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-ai-documentintelligence
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
latex2mathml==3.77.0
    # via markdown2
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-image
librosa==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
lxml==5.3.2
    # via python-pptx
macmon-python==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
magika==0.6.1
    # via markitdown
mammoth==1.9.0
    # via markitdown
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdown2==2.5.3
    # via transformerlab-inference
markdownify==1.1.0
    # via markitdown
markitdown==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mcp==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via librosa
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
nh3==0.2.20
    # via transformerlab-inference
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.61.2
    # via librosa
numpy==2.1.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   imageio
    #   librosa
    #   magika
    #   numba
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformerlab-inference
    #   transformers
nvidia-ml-py==12.575.51
    # via -r requirements.in
olefile==0.47
    # via markitdown
onnxruntime==1.21.0
    # via magika
openai-harmony==0.0.3
    # via transformerlab-inference
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via controlnet-aux
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via markitdown
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   onnxruntime
    #   peft
    #   pooch
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   markitdown
pdfminer-six==20250327
    # via markitdown
peft==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   diffusers
    #   imageio
    #   python-pptx
    #   scikit-image
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   pooch
    #   wandb
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via transformerlab-inference
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformerlab-inference
    #   wandb
pyarrow==19.0.0
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   openai-harmony
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   transformerlab-inference
    #   wandb
    #   workos
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   transformerlab-inference
pydub==0.25.1
    # via markitdown
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   markdown2
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   workos
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magika
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via markitdown
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
    #   wavedrom
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   markitdown
    #   msal
    #   pooch
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformerlab-inference
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
    #   youtube-transcript-api
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   transformerlab-inference
    #   typer
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   peft
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via controlnet-aux
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.22.0
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.5
    # via wandb
setuptools==70.2.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via transformerlab-inference
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   markdownify
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   wavedrom
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   librosa
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
speechrecognition==3.14.2
    # via markitdown
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via -r requirements.in
sse-starlette==2.3.5
    # via mcp
starlette==0.45.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
svgwrite==1.4.3
    # via wavedrom
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.6.11
    # via scikit-image
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformerlab-inference
timm==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   controlnet-aux
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   controlnet-aux
    #   timm
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformerlab==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
transformerlab-inference==0.2.50
    # via -r requirements.in
transformers==4.55.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.15.4
    # via mcp
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   anyio
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-pptx
    #   speechrecognition
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   transformerlab-inference
wandb==0.19.10
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wavedrom==2.0.3.post3
    # via markdown2
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformerlab
workos==5.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via markitdown
xlsxwriter==3.2.2
    # via python-pptx
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
youtube-transcript-api==1.0.3
    # via markitdown
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
